crackberry.com everyone items i cr4
crackberry.com
check out the case-mate smart skin case
for the bold 9700 this is it case may
packaging as always pop it out here we
have it pretty straight up and we have
our mole filler inside here lint-free
cloth screen protector so thump those
out so as you can see already
interesting thing here keyboard covering
trackpad opening it's pretty much solid
all around so it's an interesting case
but one that I'm kind of a fan of so
we'll get the device in here and it just
kind of wraps up and sticks inside and
that's it it's got this kind of little
uh I don't know alligator pattern to it
it's just cool it gives it gives it a
nice feel we can see we have our ports
open on the bottom so this fits in the
the Stadio charging dock and then we
have our side ports open here camera and
flash in the back and then we have
little button covers on the sides so
this is it the trackpad is open again
the one thing not totally a huge fan of
if you can see in there the way the the
trackpad kind of sits lower under the
case which is understandable you know
given that it's got the extra stuff on
there kind of beefing it up so you know
it's not terrible once you get used to
it to navigate but your thumb does hit
the little edges from time to time so
kind of a drag on that side but
everything else is good your keyboard is
covered it's not really terrible in
terms of the keyboard aspect I mean you
can type pretty well on it you can see
it will go here to the memo pad you know
will fire up a new memo here and just do
a quick test
CrackBerry um it's just trying to adjust
a little bit your fingers the way they
have to slide across the keys and
everything but while the the top part
lines up with the the keyboard
underneath so it's actually kind of cool
it's just it's a different feel you know
a little bit of an adjustment if you're
you know there's not a whole lot cases
that have a cover like this on the
keyboard so once you get used to it but
it's cool it gives you pretty much
all-around protection there's nothing on
this screen but if you have this screen
protector on you know there's one that's
included in there and then you're good
to go and it does have a nice feel to it
it looks kind of cool too but it's just
interesting all around the only thing
that you know looks kind of odd is the
way the trackpad sits in there so if
you're you know you're super big on the
aesthetics of it it's gonna throw off a
little bit but overall I'm a pretty big
fan of this case it's beter your regular
just silicone case it's got a little
extra flair to it and you definitely
have the added protection of the
keyboard cover there so that's pretty
much all there is to it this is the
case-mate sports smart skin case for the
bold and 9700 and it is available at
shop crackberry.com